# Industrial-Human-Motion-Dataset-for-HMG

This page aims to be a discussion and information sharing platform between the Human Motion Generation Community and Dataset Creators (both Academic and industrial). This initiative was started based on the understanding that Generative Artificial Intelligence (GenAI) can benefit simulation environments. However, GenAI is data-intensive and requires appropriately annotated data for fruitful generation. When considering dataset creation, currently, different dataset creators follow different file formats and publishing methods, which may restrict the feasibility of using the data seamlessly for human motion generation. Consequently, there needs to be a communication channel between the dataset creators and the AI community to share their requirements, technology and applications. For example, the industry could benefit from human motion generation in their simulation environment. Still, as of now, the activities of daily living human motion generation are insufficient, as industrial terminologies and motions are not available in daily activities. So, if the industrial dataset creators were to provide data to the GenAI community, further research can be performed specifically in industrial scenarios. With the correct formats, research can be further accelerated. Thus, benefitting both parties as a first step in this direction. Here, you see preliminary information collected and can be further refined by the community to get started with dataset creation, specifically for human motion generation. 


